---
layout: blog
title: 'Sample post '
date: 2017-01-24 12:11:34
categories: blog
tags: code
image: '/images/ankara2.jpg'
lead_text: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Expedita maiores quisquam id sunt, a architecto molestias velit, distinctio quidem non, nostrum provident quibusdam enim. Neque ipsam temporibus commodi facere minima.'
---

Humility is not worrying about what other people think of you. It is
doing for others without receiving credit. It is desiring favor from
GOD and not men. It is growing in favor with GOD and pleasing
GOD.
It is quiet and unassuming.
It is growing in GOD.
It is being “CHRIST-like.” Humility is most beautiful to GOD. A
humble, GOD-fearing person shines in GOD’s Eyes.
Humility is wanting to please GOD and walk in His Path. To be lowly
and not think well of yourself and to not think yourself better than
others, to consider yourself below others, and to not judge those
around you. I am the only ONE to judge. It does not mean you are
to be abased. It means you are to respect others’ feelings even if
they stumble and not to belittle them in your heart, to have
compassion for them because you too are not beyond sinning
before a Holy GOD.
This is what happens when someone is humble. They create a
wonderful testimony. They shine in MY Kingdom, in MY Eyes. They
receive the Ear of GOD. I listen to MY humble servants when they
cry out to ME. I would go to any extreme to save MY humble
servants. I will move heaven and earth for MY humble servants. Do
you understand this, MY daughter? MY humble servants are
devoted to ME. They understand that they cannot do anything
without ME. They are always seeking ME in all ways like a child
seeks its parent. This is MY humble servant. They have no self will.
They trust only ME in their daily walk. They search ME for their
answers. They trust ME wholeheartedly and I answer them. I give
them MY Best because they seek ME above all others for answers.
They are humble and glorious in MY Sight. They have a soft-spoken
beauty about them. They are not like the world around them.
They stand
